The water cycle describes how water evaporates, condenses into clouds and falls as rain across the Earth's surface.

Paris is the capital of France and lies on the river Seine, known worldwide for its art, gastronomy, and cultural monuments.

def add(a, b):
    return a + b

print(add(2, 3))

Photosynthesis converts light energy into chemical energy stored in glucose, releasing oxygen into the atmosphere.

Der Rhein fließt von den Alpen bis zur Nordsee und ist eine der wichtigsten Wasserstraßen und Handelsrouten in ganz Europa.

The mitochondria is often called the powerhouse of the cell because it generates most of the chemical energy needed by the cell.

In 1969, astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on the Moon for the first time during the Apollo 11 mission.

A prime number has exactly two distinct divisors: one and itself. The sequence begins with two, three, five, seven, and eleven.

The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog near the riverbank while the summer wind blows through the dense oak trees.

Shakespeare wrote celebrated plays such as Hamlet, Macbeth, King Lear, and Romeo and Juliet in Elizabethan England.

Newton's second law of motion states that force equals mass times acceleration, formalizing classical mechanics.

Die Photosynthese findet in den Chloroplasten der Pflanzenzellen statt, wo Chlorophyll das Sonnenlicht absorbiert.

SELECT name, age, department FROM users WHERE age > 30 ORDER BY name ASC;

The Pacific Ocean is the largest and deepest ocean on Earth, covering more than thirty percent of the planet's total surface.

Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius at standard sea level atmospheric pressure and freezes at zero degrees.

A sonnet is a traditional poem of fourteen lines with a fixed rhyme scheme and a volta dividing octave and sestet.

General relativity describes gravitation as a geometric property of spacetime curved by energy and momentum.

Quantum electrodynamics explains how light and matter interact, achieving extraordinarily precise predictions in particle physics.

Johannes Gutenberg invented movable type printing in Europe around 1440, revolutionizing the spread of human knowledge.

The human genome contains approximately three billion base pairs of DNA packaged into twenty-three pairs of chromosomes.

Machine learning models approximate high-dimensional continuous functions by minimizing empirical loss on training distributions.

The Industrial Revolution began in Great Britain in the late eighteenth century, transforming agrarian societies into industrial ones.

Ludwig van Beethoven composed nine symphonies, continuing to write masterworks even after completely losing his hearing.

Thermodynamics is founded upon conservation of energy, the non-decrease of entropy, and the definition of absolute zero.

The Great Barrier Reef off the coast of Australia is the largest coral reef system in the world, visible from space.

Alan Turing introduced the theoretical concept of a universal computing machine in 1936, establishing foundational computer science.

Albert Einstein formulated the special theory of relativity in 1905, establishing the equivalence of mass and energy through E equals mc squared.

The speed of light in a vacuum is exactly 299,792,458 meters per second and serves as a fundamental physical constant.

DNA replication is semiconservative, meaning each strand of the original double helix serves as a template for a newly synthesized strand.

The Mediterranean Sea connects to the Atlantic Ocean through the narrow Strait of Gibraltar, bounded by Europe, Africa, and Asia.

Euclidean geometry relies upon five foundational postulates, the fifth of which is the celebrated parallel postulate.

CRISPR-Cas9 is a precise gene-editing technology adapted from a natural defense mechanism found in bacterial immune systems.
